This dish looks like my mom's
Qingqing, who is your mother?
My mother is very beautiful and gentle
She is green, why are you here?
Your mother is looking for you. Come on
Go back with my sister
Dad, I'm going back to find mom.
Otherwise, mom will be worried. Okay.
If you had abandoned me in a hurry
Our children should be this old too
quietly
Jingjing, where have you been?
Where did you go?
You scared me to death!
Mommy, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't be running around
It's okay. It's okay.
Tell mom where you went
I went to find my dad.
You
Don't call someone dad when you see a good-looking person
You'll scare people.
Mommy, that's Daddy.
You have to believe me.
Mommy, if you don't believe me, I'll take you to see it.